OneVersion refers to my (Wesley Mason :: http://1stvamp.org/) freelance trading
name, 1v Software (One Version Software).
This repo is for bits and pieces I collect over time (and over the years if I
delve back into my archive off code) that don't necessarily warrant their own
project repo.


delete_old_emails.php - quick & dirty shell script written in PHP to connect to
an IMAP box and delete any emails older than a set period of days.

DynamicClass - a fun hack class using PHP5.3 features to add "dynamic" methods
onto already defined classes at runtime. Not production useable as it's a big
hack on some language features for something that would need to be part of the
core, and not just using lambdas.

php-check.php - patched version of the "php-check" script to quickly support
PHP5 as well as PHP4.

twnotifier - patched version of the 1.0 branch of twnotifier.py to add on
support for Twitter profile pictures as notification icons.

HTML_QuickForm_Scaffold - work in progress scaffolding scripts for quickly
creating base form HTML views from PEAR HTML_QuickForms, similiar to scaffolding
in RoR / CakePHP etc.

PAT - phpBB Archive Tool is the project I wrote for my Computer Science BSc
dissertation (aka Final Year Project), it uses a PHP4/PHP5 web framework I wrote
especially for the project (I wanted to write the framework more than the tool,
but I needed a practical application to show my supervisors) whiich uses XML DOM
objects and XSL transforms to construct request logic and view output.
The tool itself uses a class to access phpBB's horrible schema in a more sane ORM
wrapper class. To my chagrin it uses the dreaded eval() function to perform some
adhoc class generation, which frankly could be replaced with Mock objects and
reflection now if I ever feel like playing with it again. I doubt I will though
with the proliferation of good MVC web frameworks out there.
